So now let's take a look at what do you need to take this course properly.
The tools that you need.
First and foremost you need an AWOS account.
Well since we're talking about AWOS resources and managing them of course you're going to need an AWOS
account to properly take the course and too many play things with Python and both are three.
So I highly encourage you to take a uneatable Yes account for yourself.
And there's also surprisingly from Amazon a free tier account available for up to one year.
So this is a great benefit for learning and managing a WS.
So I'll say go for it.
Take this free account for up to one year and you're going to be experimenting with AWOS resources actual
resources and you're going to be learning a love with the help of this course and of course I'm going
to need a basic knowledge of what we and easy to do on a WS services are we PC again is a virtual private
cloud environment and easy too is Elastic Compute Cloud.
From a US WHAT WE PC is basically it's an isolated Witchell private cloud a moment and you can launch
subnets network elements from gateways to root tables to access control lists and easy to erase the
Elastic Compute Cloud where you can launch machines within those subnets and we PPCs That's the highest
level of information that you need to know about PC and easy to.
But of course you have to be familiar with those resources on A W-S to have the scores taken properly.
But if you have the working knowledge of the PC and easy to then that is also we're going to need that
information within the schools and you're going to be seeing that it's super easy when you know what
we PC and easy to our and of course since we're talking about managing AWOS resources using Python and
both of three you're going to need to know Python in a very basic level.
You don't have to be like intermediate or advanced user of Python but you need to know what your variables
are and how to create classes and how to code methods and actually write methods within Python.
But just don't worry about it.
I'll be showing you everything you need to know about both those three and how to use it with Python.
And again if you're an experienced user on Python then that's great because knowing your variables and
methods and functions within Python environments you're going to be seeing this as just super easy to
manage.
AWOS resources using both a theory and Python itself.
And of course you're going to need a python ID this ID can be simply anything from a basic text editor
to things like Sublime Text at home editor or not.
Plus plus.
But I encourage you to download PI charme ID from Jepp brains which arm is a python oriented ID from
Jepp brains and it has some nice features like managing package's Python virtual environments and so
on.
And the best part of my charm is it has a free edition for community so you dont have to buy a license
for pi charm or anything.
You can just simply go to Jepp brain stock car and download the community edition and I'll be showing
you how to download Python ID as pie chart.
In this case and I'll be showing you how to install and launch it both on Windows and Mac OS.
So this is basically what we're going to need to succeed in the scores.
And I hope you don't have any problems with those prerequisites in the score and to start getting our
hands dirty.
I'll be seeing you on the next section.